Fixed #37167 -- Allowed Address objects as email addresses. (#21610)
django/django: docs/topics/email.txt

      :ref:`formatting-addresses`). If omitted, the
      :setting:`DEFAULT_FROM_EMAIL` setting is used.

>       .. versionchanged:: 6.0
> 
>           The ``from_email`` parameter now officially supports
>           :class:`email.headerregistry.Address` objects.
> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure "officially supports" is helpful in a change note. (Even though I used that phrase in the ticket.) I'd just mention the newly-added support.

```suggestion
      .. versionchanged:: 6.2

          ``from_email`` now supports using an
          :class:`email.headerregistry.Address` object in place of a string.

```

    * ``reply_to``: A list or tuple of recipient addresses used in the
      "Reply-To" header when sending the email.

>       .. versionchanged:: 6.0
> 
>           The recipient lists (``to``, ``cc``, ``bcc``, and ``reply_to``) now
>           officially support :class:`email.headerregistry.Address` objects
>           mixed with standard email strings.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. versionchanged:: 6.2

          The address lists (``to``, ``cc``, ``bcc``, and ``reply_to``) now
          support using :class:`email.headerregistry.Address` objects in place
          of strings.

```
